Add CMakeLists.txt to operations_on_datastructures folder. (#1981)
TheAlgorithms/C-Plus-Plus: operations_on_datastructures/CMakeLists.txt

> 
> # If necessary, use the RELATIVE flag, otherwise each source file may be listed
> # with full pathname. RELATIVE may makes it easier to extract an executable name
> # automatically.
> set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 11)
> file( GLOB APP_SOURCES RELATIVE ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} *.cpp )
> # file( GLOB APP_SOURCES ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/*.c )
> # AUX_SOURCE_DIRECTORY(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} APP_SOURCES)
> foreach( testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES} )
>     # I used a simple string replace, to cut off .cpp.
>     string( REPLACE ".cpp" "" testname ${testsourcefile} )
>     add_executable( ${testname} ${testsourcefile} )
> 
> endforeach( testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES} )
> 
> 
> #error: non-aggregate type 'std::vector<int32_t>' (aka 'vector<int>') cannot be initialized with an initializer list
> #std::vector<int32_t> a = {};
> #Solution :
> 
> #Use g++ -std=c++11 <filename> when compiling.

Reviewer: Please use the same format as other directories use.
```suggestion
# If necessary, use the RELATIVE flag, otherwise each source file may be listed
# with full pathname. RELATIVE may makes it easier to extract an executable name
# automatically.
file( GLOB APP_SOURCES RELATIVE ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} *.cpp )
# file( GLOB APP_SOURCES ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/*.c )
# AUX_SOURCE_DIRECTORY(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} APP_SOURCES)
foreach( testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES} )
    # I used a simple string replace, to cut off .cpp.
    string( REPLACE ".cpp" "" testname ${testsourcefile} )
    add_executable( ${testname} ${testsourcefile} )
    set_target_properties(${testname} PROPERTIES LINKER_LANGUAGE CXX)
    if(OpenMP_CXX_FOUND)
        target_link_libraries(${testname} OpenMP::OpenMP_CXX)
    endif()
    install(TARGETS ${testname} DESTINATION "bin/operations_on_datastructures")
endforeach( testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES} )
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix
